---
layout: default
categories: posts
title: Blog 1
---

Imagine your brain can get more power through a chip inside the brain and gives you some speciall abilities like think better and faster, calculate the difficult mathematics question in some seconds, and many other things. Recently, Elon Mask said we are close to that point but there is still lots of exams and tests in front of us in this path. 

In the mind of Elon Musk, the world’s thorniest problems become shockingly, wonderfully simple. Traffic in LA got you down? Here, take a ride on this underground super-luge. Carbon emissions are stinking up the planet? Fix it with a fleet of electric cars—and while we’re at it, let’s make them drive themselves. Need a backup planet to call home? Mars seems perfectly nice. Musk’s startup Neuralink exhibits this way of thinking best of all: Machines with artificial intelligence are outpacing humankind. Ergo, implant computer chips in human brains to level up the species.

Earlier this week, Musk indicated he was one step closer to this goal—and had plans to prove it during a live webcast on Friday at 3 pm Pacific time. Neuralink is far from its ultimate aim of making brain surgery as easy and safe as, say, Lasik. But Musk wrote on Twitter that the company was prepared to show a working “V2” of the device it introduced to the public last summer. He had previously said that the demonstration “will show neurons firing in real time. The matrix in the matrix.”

Neuralink’s device is a tiny computer chip, meant to be stitched by a “sewing-machine-like” robot into the brain on a network of superfine electrode-studded wires. It is supposed to pick up on signals in the brain and then translate them into motor controls. Many in the field imagine using these neural interfaces to control things like a prosthetic limb, or perhaps to interact with our gadgets. Musk, in typical Muskian fashion, has some bolder ideas. He has described Neuralink's project, overall, as helping to “achieve symbiosis with artificial intelligence.”


Source: https://www.wired.com/story/elon-musk-neuralink-brain-implant-v2-demo/ 
